[Music]
hey guys what's welcome back
superstellar bros i'm dre hurried i'm a
mallard this is super exciting I've been
looking at this game all day it looks
really awesome it's got the 6:30 music
we're playing with lasercorn he's
chillin over there
what's up you can barely hear him but
he's there yep we're gonna kill the
mummies right now I'm really excited for
this I'm gonna be the soldier and not ya
Fairburn or yeah that's well okay so
let's get in diversity so who's who are
you Alex I'm professor Archimedes and so
lasercorn is look yeah no I'll don't
change it out let me do it I'm gonna
play as Gracie she's an engineer
she's the engineer who's not I'm
assuming she's British yo let's just
make a real let's just make a real
sequel to the mummy yeah it's better
unreal sequel
alright we are Rick yeah let's get in
and go let's go for it let's see what
the deal is
join me introducing view Bros homework
fine lasercorn video and put all the
audio together oh my god I've been
saying combine both of audio yeah action
alright show objective fire dodge dodge
rolls on r1 I mean noble you should ask
for his audio he's plugged into H gamma
it's funner that's true take care our
intrepid heroes
alright the fabled vessel of
enlightenment
alright the vessel of enlightenment
which brings them here to this distant
now right corner of the Empire just as a
precaution to the world
Oh oh shoot mummy yo scared off the
street or shooting some mum oh that's
all I just punch my oh oh my god there's
mummies everywhere I'm sorry
he hasn't leave them oh my god their
mommies everywhere a problem right now
with this here we go here we go just
taking our time
shoot that thing Hamunaptra amulets
charge with this money blender whoa whoa
hey
hell yeah yeah yeah fuck mummies oh shit
about you guys but what mummies
oh my guitar oh my goodness
okay wait yeah make this but it's a
month at the mummy blender
yo this mummys got a bunch of gold on
the rich a smart rich move us a favor
sorry whoa whoa oh my god on Tower
I'm down here it's blended your
sacrifice to be rubber but it didn't you
when to the mothers our garage where'd
he go oh my god yo big mummy boys
Anubis man is anyone else see you nubes
boy oh my god I'm sure nothing oh I
don't know I'm here to find where you
shoot it his stuff comes off his body
let's lure him over to the I just
through yeah let's are there any more
chairs at all there's a barrel right
here come on mummy I'm luring him shoot
him oh my god he's charging he's
charging up with something this is me
here we go
happy shoot oh my god I got him but he's
not oh he's invincible he's impossible
he's the best he's the best I am just
I'm dead it's over I tried I keep dying
I think I just wrecked me all right hold
on
press a press a and there I go oh my
gosh
butter scratch yo Kim this mummy is army
hold on come on come on
hi guys over here come on got it
Mozart's down I got him finally it's
okay I took care of it
I took him took him down all right so
now we gotta go we gotta go
you know the spears are down new
newaccess
yeah early access to a new area steam
early access we got out we got to get we
got to get to find the where is that
where are we gonna know maybe where the
moment are came from you know there's a
little ammo area if you guys need mo mo
for yourself
yeah maybe let's go back to the door
where he came from
oh yeah I got some mummies down here oh
there you are yeah here behind you Alex
yeah it's right here
all right we can go to the left here see
what I think this is where the spears
were moved away
oh boy Oh kamo better just shred them
quick it's better to just like jam on
the trigger in like normal part I have a
shotgun or about you boys
I got a pistol and I got like a like a
fairy pública like a you have a got a
traditional rifle oh I got you
I'm right behind you guys an abandoned
hey I found a chapter on know what is
this hey I found a upgrade area of
weapons oh yeah you can equip any of the
up and bench primary weapon yo see here
I want this huntsman oh the Huntsman
alright come on okay I'm going to the
Huntsman now oh yo call that oh
absolutely I think the Huntsman is what
you had lasercorn in there yeah oh I did
yeah come on back that's a weapon too
that you can get the repeater yo Oh what
the hey we got this guy just showed up
when I get back to the yeah just he's do
I see alright only but surely claw what
was mine
Shaya alright alright dynamite addict
how do we oh oh there we go what is this
I was just able to press a on it Oh gold
I'm like a professor or something maybe
I'm an Egyptologist here's another door
with glowing stuff down here I'm in that
trap
oh I don't know I can't do anything to
that that may not be a door can we what
are we doing this is or over look over
gradually sniper nest okay yeah okay
yeah trying to see what is it all around
anyway
oh yeah a lot of something over here
there's like a thing to step on oh oh oh
here we go hold up
so I'm shining at me I don't know what's
up I don't know what's going on I'm
depending on the switch to another get
up
get off it Alex alright gone it again
which I like oh yeah yeah and on we go
half our idols objectivism a smart we
are all three of us get out to game that
I'd just shoot it everything oh we all
over realize captain we got like a legit
money wager yo that's like straight-up
Boris Karloff right there klappa that's
just a that's just too goddamn mummy
that's just the motion is TV real hot
real what is happening Oh what yo he's
got a mummy pet mama familiar
Oh watch out watch out kind of like my
god
tonight I threw him I put out an
exploding bomb on him yep there good
shot Alex he's done no he is not around
he's done yo the shotgun has exploding
shells
yeah it's great Oh yo mommies oh there's
a lot of another one is another sweet
another mummy Noah okay there we go
Oh grenade yeah house we got some em
over here ater man all right switch what
did it do I'd opened something you got
gold yeah hundred gold Oh a the logo for
that bird is there what is this om oh oh
maybe we need to hit those switches to
open that door over there
ah okay side about that get on fire
mummy get fired up I just shot the
barrel oh my god all right hold on
Krakatoa Melissa green it all behind us
the Krakatoa adds exploding shell
alright get really nice looking flirting
I busted it I think the doors probably
opened there hey watch out
grenade watch out oh I'm gonna put one
on him too alright it's on its face he
just get put him on go down go down go
down
yeah you still up he's down now okay I'm
going back to my machine gun all right
we got another thing to shoot oh yeah I
think we may have already shot it so
that one's done that one's done yeah see
look we we need one more simple oh we
did it someone just did it sold our
brave chaps moved on yeah we're crushing
this let's go all right yes i won
I don't broke a canopic jar this like I
said that's a little bit jargon
yeah there's I learned that from the
film The Mummy we uh yeah the good one
the only the only mummy the only money
the other you know do you want to try
and find those those three other barrels
or move on I don't know where we need to
go Oh fine follow me follow me I know
where to go I know where to go Oh
Knightley I'm at the door oh okay
we're good we're good I know where to go
we'll get these mummies look right here
this was all sectioned off earlier with
Spears so we're here okay tight oh we
got another mummy blender oh yo that's
an artifact that's yep a I don't know a
we all pick it up oh it's all of us in
all of our cutscenes picking it up oh no
sword mummy
we got sword money oh my god
oh my god fire ha ha yeah there we go
they're handled whoa that you just
exploded chill these guys move so fast
for mommy
whoo whoo
whoa Rene boys incoming incoming I threw
to nothing oh my god hey I got one of
them get rekt homeys
oh no we got a we got a crucified mommy
to get rekt mummies you know what's up
get open mummies oh no oh the worst is
when he like reaches for you when he
reaches for you it's the most terrifying
okay good all right we got some we got
some fire so as I charged in my amulet
over and over again I'm just like
looping my own what was that oh my god
how do i how do i heal okay we're all
right I'm just going to keep sending my
amulet down there this is just wrecking
these dukes
whoo
come on come on there we go there we go
sick sick sick no Mead holy Renee Don
the trap mummy oh my god there's so many
I think so they're people of me around
here someone who wouldn't toast it I got
them all right
oh my god where are you guys
oh you're right here I'm fighting two
big Mumy hold on hold on amulet you bye
all right look out grenade Gerard look
out yeah all right we're in there all
right we in there here we go yo mommy
charged again where is your mom I'm
gonna emulate it by the way
mmm will it blend yeah my old is too
good
yo blend I got this guy yeah you did
come on all right finally I think I
finally lost my shotgun oh dude mummy
archers no mummy scared tossers okay
where are they oh they're up there
oh boy uh kill where are you guys
showing up from aah oh my god we got
mommies here we go there we go
oh it's so good have a mummy problem
right now my loan where are you Gemma
I'm like I'm like well here we go yeah
you know your shoulder charge is so
tight we're slaughtering mummy the
reckless abandon I'm going to come over
closer to you guys
ah all right you're gonna stop with your
you got to stop with your come on
everybody I'm just throwing these
mummies apart right now I'm just tossing
bugs at these mummy what just get long
no thank you
just get roasted mummies here comes
another one here we go I'm just building
up this amulet right now getting ready
to sing around what the hell do we need
to do are we as it's just endless waves
they just don't die
we have to do something what I'm going
to keep going this way see what's over
here
you just keep if you keep having guys to
kill ya what it's happening along
you just keep murdering them and coming
back yeah I'm looking for it oh my god
happened there's like a weird all I
think where somebody's not activated and
I love to change what it's happening
okay
these guys do not want know what up oh I
don't know oh whoa Oh No why did I die
no no not for no reason
Anubis Anubis voice maybe
is this the end for our hero sweet oh my
god another ripping installment oh ah
English the end be repeated oh my god
aah oh yeah I was strange for games
really fun coming on Steam XM on ps4
I guess check out that website you can
win a copy that's tight yeah yeah
awesome great playing with us dude
thanks ladies for yeah that's fun stuff
yeah yeah that's I have a fun yeah all
right
sorry later if you guys later Hey